Right. All right. Good morning, family. Good evening, family, wherever you are.
Thank you for joining us again tonight. Well, today the decision came out, didn't it?
I thought about it a lot before I started to make this video and what I would say and how we were going to pray over our nation and President Trump.
Now, I believe the Supreme Court missed it big. But that's the way it all works. I was shocked.
As much prayer as we've all put into this—praying for our nation and praying for the Supreme Court's decision today.
And so we pray for President Trump. I know he's very disappointed, probably very angry.
I wouldn't want to be a fly on the wall in that Oval Office because sometimes he has a foul mouth, and so probably some strong words going on in there.
But so what do we do now? That's where I was at tonight. Lord, what now?
The sky is not falling, Chicken Little, as he releases the alien files and tells everybody about the aliens and says Obama leaked classified stuff and the things that were said over the last couple of days.
I thought that's kind of interesting. If we go back to what the Lord showed us in the last video, I'm going to go over some of the visions and what the Lord showed us in prayer, and it lined up exactly with what happened today.
Braden can play that clip real quick so we can get it over with.
On December 19th, I gave a pretty strong word about the economy and what happens if the tariffs don't happen the way I saw it.
Does that happen overnight? I don't believe so. I believe it's a gradual fade.
I believe with all my heart we're so close to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Now, there's a lot of people who believe we have years and years left.
I don't. When the Lord says, 'I'm coming and I'm standing at the door.
I'm waiting for the harvest.'When I was with Him in tribulation, I saw the revival that took place. He showed me the last outpouring. He showed me the spots.
There were golden spots all throughout the land that represented souls and the revival that was about to take place.
And I saw Jesus when He looked at Asia and the underground church, and there were gold veins all throughout Asia and all this was about to take place was a major harvest.
Many people have asked me, 'How long do you think the revival lasts, Brandon?'I said everything that I have seen in the visions that the Lord gives me doesn't last very long—six months to a year at the most.
When we see the glorious outpouring on the body of Christ with this last hurrah as this firework, the grand finale of all firework shows, if you want to call it, and we're all operating in this glorious outpouring.
It doesn't take much when you start to see the dead raised and the blind eyes open and creative miracles.
Not just miracles of saying, 'Well, Sister So-and-So had a headache and she got healed of a headache.'I'm talking undeniable miracles.
It's not going to take very many of those to see a lot of people come in out of curiosity to say, 'What's going on?'And when you walk underneath that glory dome, the power of God hits everybody.
Is everything okay? The power of God hits everybody and you're lying before a holy God crying out for repentance.
It's a revival of repentance. It's a revival of holiness. It's to come unto Him.
This is the end of the end. So everything that I have seen about this revival comes out of great pressure.
It doesn't come out of good times. Everything I've seen, it comes out of an olive press with persecution from the world.
Anti-Semitism rising at an all-time high. I see a lot about the revival, but everything that I see leading up to it is not good.
The Lord talked about a financial blessing coming out of certain cryptos and things like that that would fund this revival.
Now, does God need finances to have a revival? Does God need a select few people to have millions of dollars to have a revival?
No. He did it with His disciples and there were 12 of them plus the others, and they changed the world with hardly nothing.
They were on foot. They traveled by boat and look what they did with what they had.
You know what they had? The glory. They had the Holy Ghost and fire on them.
And whenever you lay hands on people and you see them recover and people are bound for so long and you see somebody like my daughter Megan start talking by the power of God and she comes on here and starts telling you about how Jesus is so wonderful and how He healed her—that right there is going to reach millions.
So when I see these things happen today, my flesh got a little...
I was like, 'Uh-oh,'because I've seen what comes. And the Lord said, 'I'm giving you more time.
This is time you can pray as the church stands up and prays.'But as I saw the alien files being released and people are talking about that, the Lord said...
People said, 'Brandon, you said that after the alien stuff comes out, it's months later.'I said, 'No, an alien false visitation.'I didn't say when they start talking.
There's going to be an encounter, a fake demonic spirit that will look like the log people on Guardians of the Galaxy—is what I saw interviewing with a lady.
I saw a demonic spirit, the Nephilim, some kind of something.
I still don't know all that I've seen or how to describe everything I've seen to you, but it looked like a log creature.
And they were interviewing this demonic-looking spirit on TV as a great deception.
There's false demonic encounters that will deceive the nations and they will explain away the rapture of the church and where all the Christians went because there's going to be millions, over a billion, that will be raptured.
And I'm believing with all my heart that we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
Now, there's a lot of people who don't believe in the rapture, and that's fine.
I'm not here to argue theology, but I believe if you don't believe it, you're not qualified to go.
You'll be here. Enjoy your tribulation. But I do not believe I'm appointed unto wrath.
I do not believe that my God is a wife beater and He's not going to beat up on the bride and bring her to His side.
Would you beat up your wife? No, you wouldn't, sir. No good husband would. Neither would my God beat His church.
You say, 'Well, all these things have gone through the church and they've been hard times and all this.'We've not seen on this earth any generation go through anything of what we're about to see with the tribulation.
Your mind can't comprehend what's about to take place—of the dispensation of grace coming to an end and the tribulation to begin.
People don't understand how bad tribulation truly is. You're trying to say what the disciples went through and how they went through martyrdom compared to tribulation. What the disciples went through was horrific.
But I'm trying to tell you, on the vast scale of how bad tribulation is, you don't get it because no man has ever seen what's about to happen before with earthquakes, volcanoes, pestilence, plagues, wars, and rumors of wars.
He said that was the beginning of sorrows in Matthew 24. But you all are saying, 'Well, I believe it's going to be hell on earth,'especially the great tribulation after the last three and a half years.
But all of it is tribulation, ladies and gentlemen—seven years.
But most people say, 'Well, the disciples went through it. They went through it in the Dark Ages. What makes us any different?'That wasn't tribulation.
So, we can argue theology all you want, but you're never going to convince me that I'm going to go through any of it. Never will.
I believe if you truly knew him and you sit and talk to him and feel his presence like I do—like I know some of the others that I walk with and my group of people—none of us believe that we're going through it.
In fact, I don't know any of the elders I talk to who believe we're going through the tribulation.
None of them. They all believe we're out of here before all that stinky stuff starts to happen for the church.
But people want to cleave to what they want to, and they grab onto it and believe this.
But this isn't about that. This is about the tariffs. So, all that to be said, where are we?
There's a lot that I have seen over the last week and a half that I have not been allowed to talk about—very detailed things.
And the Lord said, 'You are not going to be allowed to talk about these things.
I want you to be slow to make content and listen to me when I tell you to do it.'But I'm speaking and telling you these things because my word says so.
I will do nothing in this earth. And I told you about the cat people.
I told you about the demons that were watchers that were listening for the prophetic words that were coming forth, the declarations, because they were listening to what's coming next to write it down, to take it to try to run against it.
They were taking it to the principalities. They were taking it to the devil himself and they were giving him what was being said to the prophetic voices because they didn't know the next move.
So some things will not be uttered because the enemy is blinded. He cannot see it.
He only knows by watching us and what we're saying, what we're proclaiming.
So they're taking note, and I was watching these beings, these demonic spirits, write down things and they go and they watch.
They stand by trees in the spirit realm, and I don't understand everything I see—I see in part, hear in part—but I'm watchful even more so now than I've ever been before over how I release things because I saw what they were doing and I went, 'It is so important because life and death is in the power of your tongue—what you speak.'But as you speak for God with a prophetic anointing as a watcher and you relay things to the people, your words have even more importance.
So, I'll go over a little bit of what I saw concerning two days ago.
And the Lord, if you remember at the end of the prayer time, said, 'Over the next 48 hours, major decisions.'Well, that was today.
And I told Braden, 'In about 48 hours cool heads will prevail.
Remember what I said: take no counsel from the ungodly.'This is concerning him being ticked off about the decisions that were made today and restriking Iran.
What will happen next? An escalation of war. I said, 'If Plan A doesn't take place.'I saw Plan B.
What was Plan B? I said, 'Iran's oil wells. How do you back the dollar? How do you bail yourself out? War.'I saw war.
I said, 'World War III, Venezuela, Cuba, an escalation of things, stimulate the economy.
What's the next phase?'And I keep praying into this war. I saw the petrodollar going up, but I saw Iran's oil refineries being attacked.
Remember, there's a lot of things the Lord shows us in prayer and I just keep saying it once and I just go on.
But I want to play this video because I said I see him on the canoe in the Niagara Falls and there is a whirlwind in the middle of the canoe now that looks like a dirt devil, like one of those dust devils.
But it started to morph and what started to be a whirlwind turned into a tornado.
And the tornado started blowing in the middle of the canoe two nights ago.
And I saw it turning and turning and turning and then it got up to a category 5 hurricane.
Does anybody remember that? Say in the comment section if you do. I saw that turning.
I saw an alligator that was black with purple around it and it was Amy Coney Barrett.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for her.'I said influencing decisions concerning Canada and Europe and the dollar and the Euro affecting the Supreme Court justice's decisions because of political backing from BlackRock influenced the judges.
And I said, 'I saw darkness pushing them politically through finances to make them make the decision they made today.'That was 48 hours ago.
You can play the clip if you want to, son, but I don't want to spend a lot of time going over this because what I said in those videos, you can go back and watch and you'll be able to have them on here.
It was dark and I'm not here to get people in fear tonight. I don't want to say the sky is falling.
I believe God has a Plan B. And like I said, I've seen a lot. And so I know in my heart this just gets us so close to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
What will come out of this? What will keep spiraling with this? What will be with Brad Garlinghouse's meetings?
I saw them at a table and the banks were on one side and crypto people were on the other and they came to an agreement and there was an agreement going to be made and there was a rocky, turbulent stream in front of the banks and the Lord said, 'On February at this time last year I gave a word: It will become the wild, wild west.
A new industrial revolution will come out of it.'But this will be the beginning of the beast system, the introduction of the beast system: crypto.
Now, they had him on here and they were going to vote and things are going to come.
Listen to all this stuff that's happening. It's all like dominoes. It's all happening so fast.
But most people are the frog in the pot and they don't realize how quickly the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is.
I believe it's during this next Shemitah cycle. That's just me.
That's what I'm praying over. The next Shemitah cycle. So, go ahead and play that.
Not that one yet. Play what I said because like I said, I don't run from anything I say.
I'm black and white. And if I miss it, ladies and gentlemen, I'll be the first one to tell you I missed it.
And you know what? I'm human. Go ahead and play this of what I saw.
This is some of it. I'm not here to stir up fear. I'm here to prepare you that Jesus is coming.
That's the whole bottom line of this message tonight. Fear not.
Jesus is coming. A revival is standing at our door. And that's what you should be focusing on. Look at this right here. And he said, 'This is vital.
The Supreme Court and the decision they make against the tariff is vital for the life's blood of the American economy.
This is not a "well, what if it doesn't happen?"This is a do or die.
This is very serious.'As this was coming, I saw the Supreme Court and the Lord showed me, remember I said we can't allow the tariffs not to happen because that's the life's blood of what the plan is concerning the economy of America to allow the economy to flourish and to go to the next level.
It would help sustain us and keep him paddling from going over the side of the waterfall because the economy was in trouble.
So, I've been praying over these tariffs because Plan A is the tariffs.
Plan B is I saw trying to scramble what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we—if this falls and we have to pay back trillions of dollars to these countries, nations, what does America do with their economy?
This is a very hard position. I saw that this is vital. Some people go, "Well, Brian, I don't—"Listen, we're in a mess.
Most of you don't realize how big of a mess we're in. We're $34 or $40 trillion in the hole.
When you have $40 trillion worth of credit card bills and debt, what do you do? You have to have a 'Hail Mary'play.
This is concerning the Supreme Court justice decisions regarding the tariffs. We're going to pray into that for just a minute here.
This is a major thing concerning the economy of America, all the decisions, and how the course of this nation will go for the rest of Trump's term.
Amy Coney Barrett is the one we have to sway; she is the problem right here.
I see Amy's face before me very strongly in this vision, and we're praying for Amy's heart.
I see a great big alligator with a lot of teeth. I see a great big alligator swimming on the surface.
You know how they go right up to the water's edge and you can see them swimming with their heads just barely on the top of the surface?
This is what I see concerning this. It's a dark black alligator with black onyx eyes and a purple outline. It looks like an energy on this alligator.
Now I see Carney, and he is influencing these decisions from Canada concerning a political agenda coming from Canada and Carney concerning the Democratic party.
It's more about Canada and the economy going into a great recession or depression concerning these decisions.
This is pressure concerning funding and it goes into England.
I see the Prime Minister and it's about Carney. This is about this man and what they put on with the EU.
This is about the tariffs concern in the EU and the influence it will have on the Euro and even with China and Japan, but more about Canada than any other nation.
This has to do with BlackRock influencing the judges. It's my opinion that the court has been swayed by foreign interests.
I believe that foreign interests are represented by people that I believe have undue influence over the Supreme Court, whether it's through fear, respect, or friendships.
I know some of the people involved on the other side, and I don't like them; I think they're real slimeballs.
We have to do what's right for the country and the Constitution.
It's the same wars coming against crypto. I see a thin layer of water coming over a board table.
Out of this board table, there's this thin layer of water. This is the difference between going over Niagara Falls and sustaining.
There is a great storm in the midst of it that looks like a tornado.
It starts out looking like a whirlwind, and as it's growing, it's trying to become bigger like a catastrophic hurricane on the waterfall edge.
That's why we take authority over this demonic assignment to take America over the waterfall.
We will not have it! We speak to that tornado right now. It's just like a little dirt devil—one of those little dirt storms barely turning. In his flesh, he needs strength in his bones.
Pray over Trump's flesh—not his outward, but his inward strength to finish the weight of the demonic assignment coming against him daily, as it wearies him. He's coming against the anti-Christ agenda and system.
You must pray for a strengthening in his organs, for the pressure of this demonic force is trying to take him even through his organs—failure of pressure on the heart.
You know when Jesus had so much pressure on Him that He was sweating drops of blood?
This is different, but it's pressure on the flesh. We must pray for a strengthening.
It's almost like when you have 200-pound weights in your shoes and you're trying to lift up each one, pulling against extreme gravity.
That's the way I see it when he's moving through this; he's pulling his feet just trying to get to where he's supposed to go.
But if the church would uplift his feet and say, "Many hands make light work, Mr.
President. We're going to pick up your feet and carry you there. We're going to pick you up and put you on our shoulders.
There's a bunch of us here; we can carry you across that finish line."You will do it through prayer.
The devil has a plan, but God has a greater one. I hold the church accountable for not praying for the man.
We must pray for him more; he has to finish what God has in store for him.
When I'm praying, I see a road, and each of the roads leads to something—from the Supreme Court decisions to him talking at the State of the Union next week, to his speech, to the closing ceremony, to praying over Easter.
It keeps going with the decisions he's making concerning Iran.
It forks out like a fan, and there are so many different paths concerning the economy.
In the natural, when I look at it, I go, "Whoa, Lord, there's a whole bunch here."I came up to the edge and it fanned out.
We're praying over the decisions he makes over the next 48 hours.
We're at February 18th, and we prayed as hard as I could. I know we made progress. I don't look at it as a prayer failure.
My flesh did earlier—I was kind of down about it because when you put in as much as we did as a family, I thought, "No, all is well.
All is well. The sky is not falling, Chicken Little."Jesus Christ is coming; that's what I'm looking for the most.
But it will come out of a press, a shaking to awaken. Regardless of what any prophetic voice tells you, follow the Holy Spirit for yourself.
If you feel an urgency in your spirit and see the signs of the times around you, you know where we are.
We're praying over what he does tonight, praying over his morale and who is uplifting him.
We're praying for him that he sleeps well tonight and wakes up refreshed.
He's probably really ticked off. He slapped another 10% on there.
I don't know what's going to happen with the lawsuits because you have political theater, just like the Lord told us was coming.
They're saying a thousand companies have now filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration because of that ruling.
A thousand companies in the United States of America are suing for their money and for all this stuff.
Political theater like we wouldn't believe—that's what's happening.
A thousand companies so far; that's what I saw just a little while ago.
And I said, "Here we go. This is all about the elections. November's coming, folks."I said, "There it is.
Do you see it?"They want you to pay. I'm not paying Bloomberg for their article.
There you go. You are smarter than them. I'm not giving that company money.
More than a thousand companies are suing Trump over his tariffs.
You show them! Are you able to show it? I don't know. Just keep going.
It didn't kick me off. It just has like a film over it. Well, they don't want you to show it.
That's fine; it's their article. Don't take their stuff. I understand; they've got to make a buck.
They've got to pay those reporters big bucks. So, where are we at now? We're going to pray. That's what we're going to do.
And we're going to keep pushing on because, like I said, when you fall down and scrape your knee, you don't sit there and wallow in it.
You pick yourself up, you put some peroxide on it, and you move on. And that's where I'm at with it.
I was really—I'm telling you, when I first heard it, I was like...
and then I went, "Well, what do you do now, Holy Spirit? What happens now?
What do you want? What's going on with it now?"So, let's pray.
And so that's where we are tonight. How many was that? 32 minutes.
Too long. So that's it. Political theater. A thousand companies. Now what are they going to do?
They're going to sue for their money, and all these nations said they're going to have all this money and all these lawsuits.
And I'm like, "This is drama."A lot of drama now. So, what's going to happen over the next seven months?
This is a positive note. Now, I'm not a financial advisor; I'm not telling you to buy or do anything.
I just thought this was interesting because of what was being said.
I listen to things. Braden brings them to me and says, "Dad, listen to this.
This is cool."So let's hear a couple of minutes of it. They can find it on their own.
But this happened today, right, son? Yeah. That or yesterday?
Deadline to move the legislation forward before the midterms.
Joining me now is the CEO of Ripple, Brad Garlinghouse. Brad, great to see you. Thank you so much for being here.
You've predicted an 80% chance that this bill is signed by April, saying that clarity is better than uncertainty.
Tell us where you get that expectation. Well, to some degree you can never predict exactly how the Senate and Congress are going to behave.
So what I said in February of last year: I said they're going to make a bill, they're going to make it all, and Trump's going to sign it with a golden pen.
And when he does, this will be the beginning of the beast system.
I said it will come out of crypto, but they have to regulate it because it's too volatile now.
Remember in the last vision I saw the water rapids, and certain coins and gold were down the water rapids.
And so they have to make it flatline like this to make a new industrial revolution.
And we saw Benjamin Franklin flying a kite, and we saw planes, trains, and automobiles come out of that.
But the Lord said what's coming now will be out of AI, and it will be so much stronger than what happened in the first industrial revolution.
The next one will be through AI, and I saw "Build-a-Baby."Remember build the baby?
You could pick what you wanted your baby to look like, and they could incubate it in a little thing the size of a little ball.
You put your seed and your wife's egg in it, and they build the baby.
And if it doesn't turn out the way you want, they just flush it.
"Well, we wanted it to be this tall, this color of eyes"—all this different stuff. And we can tell through DNA.
There it is: "Build-a-Baby."I warned about all of it—the industrial revolution, all these things that I saw in the spirit.
I still love that, son. We have to make the next one through some of the other things that I've seen.
He worked really hard on that. Good job. So go back to the Garlinghouse clip. The prediction markets—we should talk about that too.
Look, actually, the prediction markets around the Clarity Act spiked because of some comments yesterday from Senator Moreno, who's been an advocate.
I think it's now a 90% chance it will pass by the end of April. I had said a couple weeks ago I thought end of April; at the time, people thought that was a little optimistic.
There's a meeting today with a lot of leaders on both sides—crypto and banking—in the White House.
Actually, it's in 30 minutes or so. Ripple's chief legal officer is representing Team Ripple there.
But the White House is pushing hard on this, and I think that is a big reason why it will get done. It needs to get done for US leadership.
President Trump has been a clear leader and put the stake out there that we need the US to be the crypto capital of the world.
That's good for US competitiveness. And that leadership from David Sacks and Patrick Witt in the White House has been really critical around this.
So what's the Ripple position in the meeting today? Our position is very much: don't let perfection be the enemy of progress.
No bill that gets through Congress is perfect. Our view is we need clarity.
Ripple has been fortunate; we got sued by the US government and had a federal judge say XRP is not a security.
We have clarity. That's brilliant. And you got that clarity in the Genius Act.
We did get—the stablecoin market got that clarity in the Genius Act—but the crypto and blockchain industry in the United States needs the same clarity that Ripple had to fight for in the courts.
XRP is not a security, and that's what the courts ruled very clearly.
So we were very happy to have that, but the whole industry can't live in limbo.
So our argument is the Clarity Act needs to get done for the industry to thrive here in the United States.
So, how do the rules differ when you're overseen by the CFTC, since the CFTC will oversee non-securities and the SEC will be in charge of securities?
Correct. If something's a security, you have all kinds of obligations.
If you own part of a company and it's a security, then you get dividends, you get right, title, and interest to governance rules, like who you elect to the board of directors.
That's not true in the crypto industry. And that's the false narrative.
The war that the Biden administration waged on crypto ultimately failed in the courts.
I think it failed the United States; it failed the people of the United States.
I think trying to push it into a securities framework that was developed literally almost 100 years ago never made sense.
And I think the courts have clarified that. And if we get the Clarity Act passed, I think the whole industry can continue to thrive here.
Very good. Meanwhile, we're talking about a pretty good sell-off in prices. Give us the impact on... So, just what I saw.
They were at a table, and I saw that man right there signing a piece of paper about something. Remember, you go back to that.
I saw it and they were all signing; the banks were on this side against it, and on this side were the crypto people.
Then they got one man and they shook hands on it, and the Lord said this will birth the Beast system. It's all happening. That is how they have a digital dollar.
It all comes out of it to put that chip in your hand and put that on your forehead if you're left here.
It all comes out of this. I'm trying to tell you how close we are.
Look at what they had to have with this act, and I gave the word a year ago last February. I gave the word and told everybody I see this.
I was driving by Cape Canaveral where they shoot off the rockets, and I saw Elon Musk shooting off rockets.
If I was late by just a couple of seconds, I wouldn't have seen that rocket shoot off.
People had been there for two days waiting on that rocket to go, and I showed up within seconds.
The Lord said that's how precise and how much you're going to have to listen to me in the last days so that you listen to me on investments.
That's how quickly you will have to listen to me to be at the right place at the right time listening to me, son.
As much as that rocket's going off right there, and Elon was shooting that rocket off, I was watching.
I was like, 'Wow, that's the coolest thing ever. It was so loud.'I watched it and the Lord said, 'They're going in the days ahead. Take it from the Wild West.
And there will be a lot of them that fall like stars,'is what he said, 'and there will be five pillars.'So, they're talking about the thing that the Lord told us about a year ago on this channel.
We've been praying over it. Like I said, I'm not a financial adviser.
It's all my opinion, but I pray. I don't know when it will all come about.
They're saying March 1st. I didn't know; I don't watch the news. Braden does.
He brings it to me and says, 'Daddy, this is going to...'I don't have time.
I'm required so much more from the Father. He tells me, 'Brandon, I need more of you.
I need more of you.'I say, 'Lord, okay.'I push. We're so close to Jesus coming, ladies and gentlemen.
And I don't get wrapped up in all the drama. So, we'll see. That's all I can say is we'll see.
I just thought it was interesting he had the same interview today or yesterday right before all this drama happened.
So, there you go. Oh, there it is. Do they have their picture of the rocket?
Okay, wait. There it is. It's really cool looking. Can they see it? Yeah. I was so excited to see that. It was really loud, man.
You would never think that a little rocket like that would be that loud, but it was loud.
But I don't give financial advice. I just tell you to pray. All of it is my opinion.
Pretty neat, though, where we are in the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus.
And people think, 'Well, if it doesn't happen within a couple weeks, boy, you missed it about the timing of it.'A year later, they're just now talking about it.
A year of praying. When was that video made, babe? February 21st.
February 21st, almost by one day. I gave you that word February 21st. Do we even have that act alive anymore?
I took it down because I had so many people taking that video and saying I was selling crypto to people on all these other platforms, and it ticked me off.
I'm not a financial adviser, and they were ripping little old ladies off and taking their money.
I told Braden, I said, 'Take all that stuff down.'The thing that we get copied and pasted the most on, wanting to put it out there to make money on us, is about crypto, and it's trash.
And I said, 'Pull that stuff down.'And if they have it on there, we strike your channel and we've taken a lot of people down.
We've ruined their whole thing on purpose because you stole my stuff.
So, and I will continue to do it. And if I have to, I'll hire an attorney. But I'm just saying, you know what?
People are pathetic the way they try to rip people off through WhatsApp.
WhatsApp is trash. Well, God bless y'all. You want to pray with me for a little bit?
I don't even know how many people are here. Oh, quite a few. Six hundred?
All right, 600. No, I see it. You added the zero. Let's pray. Father, we just thank you, Father, for the body that was broken for us.
We're so grateful that, Father, on February 21st—that's neat.
I love you, Father, in your timing. How you tell us things in advance of what's coming.
You tell us they're going to vote on these things and prepare, pray the way.
Pray the way, church. You'll change things through prayer.
So that gives me hope today, Lord, after I saw the drama. I'm so glad you found that, son.
Just the date for me was enough. Father, I thank you, Lord, that we know you're coming.
It's not about that; it's about Jesus is coming. And we're so excited.
Father, I believe you're coming sooner than later. And Lord, soon and very soon we're going to be with the King.
When all these shakings and all this stuff is going on around us, Father, we keep our eyes to the skies.
We keep our heart towards you. We're so thirsty. We're so hungry.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they'll be filled. And Lord, we're so grateful.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Father, and we thank you that by your stripes, we're healed in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. You believe that Jesus took it all on the cross for you.
Amen and amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you for the blood, Father. We apply the blood over us.
We apply the blood over us in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Father, for the blood.
We apply the blood and we give you praise for the blood in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father. No flu virus comes, no stomach bugs, none of it.
We're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus. We take the blood right now in Jesus'name.
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Hallelujah, Braden. I feel the Holy Spirit right now so strong. I plead the blood over everything you want me to see.
If there's anything, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, I apply the blood.
Satan, you'll not harm, hinder, or hurt us in any way. We plead the blood over us today.
Covered by the blood, that every tongue that arises against us, we condemn it.
We condemn those words and they fall to our feet, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us in the name of Jesus.
And Father, we thank you, Lord. Covered. Covered by the blood.
We wait on you. Yeah, we can do it again. Father, we just want to say thank you for the air we breathe.
Father, I want you, wherever you are right now, just give him praise and glory.
Here it is, just 10 after 10. Give God praise for everything he's done for you this week.
Just give him a couple minutes here and just give him thanks.
Thank you, Lord, for a strong marriage. Thank you, Lord, for no strife in the marriage.
There's blessing on the marriage. There's peace, Father. Thank you, Lord, that our kids are healthy, whole, and well.
Thank you, Lord, that our bills are paid. Thank you, Lord, that our car payment's paid, that our water, our gas, or whatever you have.
Thank you, Lord, that there's food in our bellies. Thank you, Lord, that there's a roof over our head.
Thank you, Lord, that we're able to do things and we're able to move around and clean up in the yard, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for my dog. Thank you, Lord, for the tires on our cars. Be simple. It could just be so simple—for shoes on our feet.
Thank you that I have a toothbrush, Father, that you gave me a toothbrush that I can brush my teeth.
I have water to wash my mouth after I brush my teeth. It's clean water coming out of a clean pipe.
Thank you, Father, that when I lay my head on the pillow, I sleep soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Thank you, Lord, that I have sheets and a fan to blow on me. Thank you, Father, that I have a TV to watch.
I can turn on Kathryn Kuhlman or whoever and get spiritually fed, so that I don't have to go spiritually in drought.
That's a choice, what you put in you, when we can go on there and find things.
We can pray together as a family. Thank you, Lord, for YouTube. Thank you, Lord, for X. Thank you, Lord, for Instagram.
Thank you, Lord, that those people are getting the word of God and they don't even know it when they're watching it.
They're just scrolling by and they go, 'Wow, there's something about an alien on there,'or whatever, and they're getting the gospel.
We're in a time like never before, and you can't deny the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
They have to purposefully be blinded and just have their eyes shut on purpose. The signs of the times are all around us. Thank you, Lord.
We believe, Father, that we thank you for a president that will be a praying president who has a backbone like a crowbar to do these end-time events that you've called him to do.
That he takes no counsel from the ungodly. Thank you, Lord, for President Trump tonight.
That he's encouraged, that his head's not weary and his head's not down, that he's lifting his head up, Father, that you are the lifter of his head.
Father, you give him peace that passes all understanding. When he's able to sleep tonight, he'll be able to sleep well.
Father, give him some encouragement tonight; he's had a hard day.
When the winds and the waves of life try to knock you down, Father, I thank you that you give them some encouragement today.
Encourage his cabinet. They're trying to sustain this thing from going over the waterfall.
I thank you, Father. I thank you, Father, that we don't have Kamala Harris right now.
We're so grateful, Father, that we don't have—thank you, Lord, that the viruses are dying in the name of Jesus.
Whatever this Zika virus or whatever all these things—Nipah?
Nipah or something. The Nipah virus is dying. Every name shall bow underneath the name of Jesus.
Every knee shall bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
We're about to see that day. What a day of rejoicing that will be!
When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Father, we're so grateful as that day approaches so rapidly.
Jesus is coming soon—morning, night, or noon. Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound.
I'm overcome a little bit tonight, y'all, so I'm not going to try to hit that high note.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Jesus is coming soon—morning, night, or noon.
Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father, that you're coming for us.
Thank you, Lord. We're so excited, Lord. But we occupy until you come.
And we look up because we know our redemption is drawing so close. The coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
And we thank you, Lord, and we look for you across the land, keeping our eyes upon you, Father. Not moved by what we see. We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says, and 'my God shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.'I believe, Father, no matter what the economy does, no matter if it's a 1930s-style crash coming, no matter what the almanac says, Father, I thank you, Lord, that your word is true.
God, I thank you, Lord, that you're the ultimate voice above anybody.
We hear you and the stranger's voice we will not follow. Thank you, Father.
When I was talking about The Economist, I'm talking about that global thing that they always have at the beginning of the year.
Oh, that economist. Yeah, the economist. Yeah, economists.
They really try to say, 'Well, the economy...'I don't care. I believe we're not of this world.
We are of the kingdom of heaven and we're ambassadors of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And as he is, so are we in this world. And we're about ready to leave this pebble planet.
We're about ready to leave this pebble planet. Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, that there is a mansion built for me.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop, in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
Hallelujah. Hey Braden, what's the rest of the words to that song?
I'll try to sing it. I like those old ones like that. I've got a mansion just over the hilltop.
Reba McEntire sings it. This one I don't know. 'I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
And someday yonder we will nevermore wander, but walk on streets that are pure as gold.'I love that.
'And someday yonder we will nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as gold.'I love that.
I don't know how the chorus goes. I'll listen to it a couple times.
Maybe we'll see you next time. But I like it. Old songs. Father, I just thank you, Lord, for the prayer tonight.
May I press into the vein that you want me to go into. Father, I wait on you.
We're not in a hurry. Father, it's Friday night. These people could sleep in tomorrow if they want to.
Some of them can, at least. But Father, I just want to take time just to sit at your feet.
And we're so grateful, Father, for all that you've shown us. We reflect to deflect.
We give you all the glory that we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
We're so thankful. Open the eyes of our heart, Lord. Open their eyes so they can see.
Lord, open their eyes so they can see. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. We're so grateful. We're so thankful.
We're so grateful, Father, for you inhabit the praises of your people and we're healed and whole and well and delivered.
And Father, I thank you, Father, that those that are bound here tonight and feel that they're a lost cause, that you've come to set the captives free.
And I agree with them that tonight's the expiration date for what they've been bound by, healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Mentally tormented, tormented by demonic spirits for too long—you're made in his image, a joint-heir with Jesus Christ.
And there is no reason for any believer to be tormented by a devil from hell.
And the spirit of depression goes now. The spirit of anxiety goes now.
And they have peace that passes all understanding. And as they rise, they decree and declare that peace is on them.
And that, Father, they will abide in that peace and love—in their marriage, in their house, in their finances.
And they have hope. It's very interesting. I keep seeing these individuals that are just so down that they're on so much pills.
They're on so much stuff and it's a spirit that is attached to them that just keeps pulling them down. And you'll know the truth and the truth sets you free.
And the more you get in God's word and the more you realize how much he loves you, you don't have to be down.
You don't have to have an Eeyore mentality. Your spring has sprung, and it's time that you take off that heaviness and give Him a garment of praise.
Praise Him in the midnight hour like Paul and Silas. When those walls begin to shake, there's a level of praise.
There's a level of prayer that's praise. There's levels of intercession that will only get the job done when you praise Him.
That's the upper level: worship. Magnify Him. Worship You, Father.
Being thankful. Take the care out of your prayer. Being thankful. What's that scripture?
I don't want to mess it up: "In everything with prayer and supplications, let your requests be made known unto him."I'm so glad.
Braden, you're getting so fast typing; that thing moves so quick when you're typing in that.
Okay, Philippians 4:6 and 7. What does it say? 4:6. Just read it to me if you want.
"Be not anxious or worried about anything, but in everything, every circumstance and situation by prayer and petition with thanksgiving."Did you show them?
It's so small. Well, I don't know why they always pick this out. I like the Bible.
There you go: "Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God.
And the peace of God which surpasses all understanding will guard your heart and your mind in Christ Jesus."That's why the Lord told me, "Instead, I want you to come on here and start thanking me for all of it."I didn't even realize what He was saying to me with "supplication with thanksgiving."Father, we're so grateful for all that You provide.
That's it. Be careful for nothing; the cares of this world will choke you out.
But in everything by prayer and supplication—now I don't know what supplication means, I'm not real big on that word—with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God.
And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your heart and minds through Christ Jesus.
I love that, especially the last half: "with thanksgiving, let your requests."See, that's why He was saying, "I want you to come before Me and thank Me for everything that you've gone through today."And then whenever I did that the other day and I did what it's talking about, He said, "Thank you, Brandon.
Thank you."And I said, "Lord, wow, You even saw when I did."When He spoke to me so loud, He said, "Thank you, Brandon.
With thanksgiving, supplications with thanksgiving. Let your requests be made known unto God with thanksgiving."And then tell Him about it.
Father, we thank You. Father, You're so great and so good to us.
We're so grateful. Thank You, Jesus, for all that You've done.
Just like I was talking about. Thank You for my bed. Thank You for this.
Supplication is the act of making a humble, earnest, and urgent petition of entreaty, often to a higher power or authority.
That's kind of interesting. Sorry, my reading is kind of bad.
Supplication is the act of making a humble, earnest, and urgent petition.
So, to be a supplication—if we add that to that—be careful for nothing but in everything by prayer and supplication in earnest.
And so you say all that with thanksgiving, with prayer and supplication, an earnest act. That's the New King James.
"Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God.
And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your heart and mind through Christ Jesus."So peace is going to...
when you do that and you give God praise and thanksgiving, peace is going to flood your heart and your mind through Christ Jesus.
That's good stuff, huh? Boy, I like it. There's something about it.
That's why I see this heaviness of this Eeyore mentality—these people just being so down and you have such a heaviness on you all the time.
Try this: thank Him for what you have. Thank Him for your marriage. What if you don't have a marriage?
"Well, thank You, oh God, I'm single, but You're going to bring me a spouse. You're going to bring me a wife.
You're going to bring me a husband.""Oh, I wanted a baby so bad, Lord, and I've had miscarriage after miscarriage."Father, I thank You, Lord.
I'm believing for a child. My vine will not cast fruit before its time, according to Deuteronomy 28.
I believe it, Father. So, we just give You praise and thanksgiving that You already brought it.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. I believe that's Romans 4.
"As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were."Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, being fully persuaded.
He went from believing to being fully persuaded. He was a believing believer, but when you're fully persuaded, if you want to operate at a greater level of faith, go from believing to fully persuaded.
I am fully persuaded that what God has promised me, He is able also to perform it.
I am no longer just believing that Megan's healed. I am fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform it.
I'm fully persuaded that my throat's healed tonight. I'm fully persuaded that my bank account's running over.
I'm fully persuaded that Diana's feeling good tonight. No drainage.
When all this stuff is going on, it's gone out of my household.
Diana's feeling good. Braden's feeling good. We're all feeling good. I'm fully persuaded.
I'm no longer just a believer that You're a healer, but I'm fully persuaded that You're a healer. Abraham staggered not.
I'm fully persuaded that whoever this is that I saw—you're a man and you are behind a computer screen.
You're watching me right now and you have this dark cloud over you.
You've been so down. I'm fully persuaded, sir, that God is able to...
that He has delivered you from depression. And tonight's your expiration date for depression.
No more. I am free! And you're not going to have bad dreams. You're going to have no more PTSD.
You're going to sleep sound, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Say it and anoint your head with oil. Tonight's my night. Anoint your head.
I got this little oil from Billy Burke. He just blessed me with this. I love my friend. I anoint my head with oil in Jesus'name.
You don't have to have that; you can have olive oil from your kitchen and just pray over it.
That's what my dad did. You don't always have oil you get from Mardel or whatever. I pray over it, and Father, I just thank You, Lord.
I separate this oil to You that represents the blood of Jesus and I apply it, that the elders of the church call and lay hands on the sick and they will recover.
I believe I receive it, and I believe that we're going to see miracles like you wouldn't believe in the days ahead. I'm talking too much tonight. Father, I thank You, Lord.
Why I went that way is I was finding scriptures that are prayer scriptures because you've got to have: "If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done."You need to have scripture to back what you're praying.
And so that's why I was telling you about Deuteronomy 28, what I prayed for last time whenever I was in there praying and I was teaching you about the scripture for your money, believing God over your finances.
Deuteronomy 28, I read those out loud all the time. Your mountain needs to hear your voice.
You have to speak to your mountain. You've got to tell it to be thou cast into the sea.
I'm not doubting in my heart that my God is a God that provides all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
Either you believe it or you don't. And I said that's where you get Deuteronomy 28 and you start reading that over the blessing.
I'm the head, not the tail. I'm above and not beneath. You've got to get that word down inside of you.
Make it a Rhema word. You need healing in your body, find scriptures: 1 Peter, Isaiah 53:5 is another one.
Read it over and over. You need protection. You need soundness.
Second Timothy 1:7, 'God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.'That's Romans right there: I'm calling those things that be not as though they were.
If you've been battling with cigarettes or maybe alcohol, gambling, or pornography or whatever, I'm calling myself—faith calls those things that be not as though they were—and I'm free from this addiction.
I call those things that be not as though they were. I say in the name of Jesus, I am free from whatever I'm dealing with.
I'm calling those things that be not as though they were. Faith calls those things.
I'm blessed, I'm prosperous, I'm healed, I'm whole, I'm set free.
No devil's going to bother me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. I've got a president that is on fire for God.
He may not be all that right now like I want him to be, but he's going to be radical for Jesus.
He's going to be tongue-talking and Holy Ghost spitting fire, and laying hands on people who are going to be falling out in the White House soon.
Watch that. President Trump walks in there: 'Good morning, Cabinet.'Boom!
Lay a hand on them, they all fall out in the Holy Ghost. Wouldn't that be something?
But God, what if he came in there and he started praying, and the glory comes down during the State of the Union address on Tuesday night?
He goes in there and says, 'I'm going to give God the praise tonight, y'all.
You persecuted me really hard. I forgive y'all for persecuting me,'and the glory shows in there.
Wouldn't that be awesome? Hey, it could happen. Father, we're so grateful for this time tonight.
I'm not finding a river, but I still feel good about everything inside my spirit.
I keep tugging along here, but it's an hour and 30 minutes. Father, we're just so grateful.
Thank you, Jesus. I have great faith to believe you, Father, that you're going to do this.
Something big is about to happen for us. We have expectation for the manifestation of the glory on our households.
What do you want me to do? Lord, this is your thing. This isn't about me.
Oh, Father, we praise you. I see to pray over Iran and the decisions again and our boats.
So you all disagree with me that Abraham Lincoln and George Bush and all our battleships are covered and that our men and women will be protected in the name of Jesus.
When I was in the spirit, I saw the same kind of barrage that came on Israel and the Iron Dome couldn't stop everything trying to come against our boats.
No matter if we have anti-missile systems or not, we pray over our battleships.
Even with the lasers that we have and all the things we have that nobody knows we have, we still got to use wisdom and we're going to pray over our boats and our stuff because of what I've seen with the drones.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Now that's interesting. I see a demonic hand grabbing a hold of this thing, trying to grab a hold of it.
It looks like a dragon's hand and it has these long nails and it grabbed a hold of it right in front of me whenever I did that, and it was trying to hold it back.
Lord, I know what that is. Now that's interesting. I take authority over that right now in the name of Jesus.
Witchcraft be broken in Jesus'name. You'll not hinder the flow.
We bind you and break your power in Jesus'name. Cease and desist.
It goes back on you double in the name of Jesus. Angels of the Lord, come manifest.
Make war against them. Angels, aid and assistance. We call those angels in right now in the name of Jesus.
I'll just be flat out and tell you what I saw. I have occultic people coming against me right now as I'm doing this broadcast with 6,200 of you. There are some witches on the other end.
And the Lord said to me, 'What you're coming against is they're coming against you when you're praying.'And he said, 'Call them angels in, boy.
Call him in, son. Call him in.'Do you see it? And I saw this demonic hand trying to hold back the prayer time tonight, and it had these claws.
He tried to hold me back. And the Lord said, 'Break it off. Send it back to hell where it came from.'Greater is he that is in me than he is in the world.
And all your witchcraft and all your stuff you try to do against me while I'm doing this, I say in the name of Jesus Christ, I rebuke you and it goes back on you double since you believe it.
You can't curse me. A curse without a cause cannot stand. I'm blessed. Do you understand?
And all your devils you think you possess and you try to use against me, I'm blessed.
And the angels of the Lord are camped around about me. There are more with me than there are with you.
And they laugh in your face. The greater one lives on the inside of me.
I love it because they're so intimidated and so afraid of what the Lord does.
They try to hold him back and they can't. That's funny. There are more that are with me than there are with you.
I call breakthrough. Thank you Lord. Thank you Father, the mighty one, the greater one.
Hallelujah. Now we got to get the job done. We don't have time for all that.
It's nonsense. Father, we thank you, Lord. We curse your devil and it falls to the ground in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father. That's so interesting, son. Oh, I see you.
My friend's here. Hey, George. My friend came. I see him there.
He's standing right there by you, Brandon. George came, Brandon.
He's standing right there, son. Well, praise the Lord. We thank you, Lord, for your angels.
We thank you for your holy angels, Lord. It blesses me so much. I'm so thankful. Oh, thank you Lord.
He always allows me—sometimes I can see my angel when he comes in.
I call him George. I don't get to see him often, but when I do, I'm so thankful. He's big.
You know, when you look over in the spirit realm, it's more real than this is.
When the Lord allows me to see that, it gives me comfort because what I was seeing coming against me—and when I saw George come in, he was ready to fight.
Boy, he is a bad boy. He's huge. George is so big. He gives his angels charge over us to bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And they are so real. I hadn't seen the one that was sent—he said he's an archangel.
That night was the last night I had seen it. But this one looked just like he has long hair, you know.
And not all these angels have wings like you think they do. They don't have wings. A lot of them don't.
At least the ones I see, they got some amazing armor with fire swords and they're always beholding the face of the father.
When George came in, his back was toward me and he was looking towards this way and he was looking out that way.
I don't know why. Doesn't matter. But his backside was glory.
And I could see it when he stood right there. He came and I could see the fire all around him.
His armor is thick and his arms are huge. He makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like a little wimp.
His arms are ripped. He looks like he could just tear something, just rip it apart.
And when I see the glory like that, it makes me cry. I'm sorry.
It blesses me, so I named him George because he wouldn't tell me his name.
I said, Well, if you don't let me know your name, I'm just going to call you George.
But he looks the same every time he comes. I don't talk to him.
I always give God glory and always talk to the father, but I acknowledge him when he comes.
It's really cool. To be absent from the body is to be present.
Lord, the moment you take your last breath, you step over when you're there.
But people don't understand how close it is. It's just one breath away.
To go beyond the veil is just one breath away. Just takes that much.
And the spirit realm is so alive. The demonic, all of it. It's right there.
I don't know how else to describe it to you. But when you push past it, you get out of the flesh.
You get in the spirit. God's angels are beautiful. That just brought so much comfort to me.
I'm so thankful, Father. I don't know where to take it now, Braden.
Even if before I did, but I just sit there and that was amazing.
I don't see him anymore. It was a flash. You stayed there for a couple and I had my eyes closed.
That was amazing. Oh, Father, we just give you praise. We can get the job done.
Thank you, Father. See the glory. See the glory. See the glory come down.
Hosanna. Hosanna. Hosanna, you are Lord to me. Hosanna. Hosanna.
You are Prince of Peace. Hosanna. Hosanna. You are Lord to me.
Hosanna. Hosanna. You are Prince of Peace. Oh Lord, we thank you.
Lord, we magnify you. Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord who was and is and is to come. He is good and his mercy endures forever for the Lord.
He is good and his mercy endures forever. Thank you Jesus. We give you praise Lord.
Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus.
Hallelujah. For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic. I yield to it. I yield.
I yield. For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Putting on the new garments that I've given you all. He said, I've given you new things.
New things to put on. Put it on. Some of these garments I saw were beautiful like silk outfits.
These are priestly garments. They are bride garments. They are heavenly, but it's not just, they don't look normal.
Now, when I say that, I'm saying they don't look like something I've ever seen before.
Some of them looked like it had leopard print around it, which is interesting.
It looked like some kind of embroidery on this garment and it came before me and it looked like it was beautiful sparkly lace but it was a black color and it didn't look evil like most people say, well black looks evil on there, but it was beautiful silk.
The other part of what I was seeing was like planes that looked like B-17s.
You know them old ones that had the glass fronts for what you see in there and you have the glass in the wing and you have a gunner in it. That's what I was seeing as it was flying in.
It looked like old World War II planes with the gunners in them, you know, and they sit in like the bottom half and they get in the gunner and they spin around.
There you go. Just like that. Just like that. That's what it looked like.
And it was flying in. It was a big plane flying in. He says, See, I put you back on the path praying over those boats.
Okay, now I see Turkey and Syria. Okay, Turkey, Syria. Bold.
Turkey. Syria. I see the border all the way around Israel. Who's the man with the beard?
Syria's. Is his prime minister king? I know it's Syria. This is the man.
I see him. He has a suit on. Oh, it's the leader over Syria right now.
He's at his desk. He's at his desk. Is Trump. It is at his desk.
Lift your head up, sir. Lift your head up, sir. Lift your head up, sir.
Lift your head up, sir. You can do this. Lift your head up, sir.
You can do this. You can do this. Don't be down. You got this. Mentally.
Mentally. Over the mental. What do you do with that? Don't trust him.
Don't trust him. Don't trust him. Don't trust him. No. Don't trust him.
Bad choices. You've made a bad choice again. Sin there. He's in the Oval Office.
He's in there and there's a man there. Talk to him. But he has a forked tongue.
How do you handle that, Lord? How do you handle that? I cannot say these things out loud.
What is what they call it? Say gecko. I hear it. It's like gorge the gecko.
The gecko. Mold the mold. You know the gecko. I hear you. Do you see the spotted gecko?
I see his eye. He's licking his eye. I see the gecko. A spotted gecko will lick his eye and a suit and the nose. Rece this is the greatest influence is speaking to.
I see the lizard is the gecko that has a voice, his tongue is sharp, his tongue is slither, it's like a serpent's tongue, very educated, very educated, very educated and poised in the way they talk.
I see Rubio and I'll say his name. I'll say Rubio. I'll say Rubio.
I'm going to just pray over Rubio for right now concerning the third, concerning not the third day.
The third, I see the third. What is the third? The third in command.
The third for special intel. For special intel, the briefings.
The briefings. I hear briefings. The briefings from from from the Mossad.
Briefings from the CIA. Briefings. The briefings. His report is the right report.
His report is the right report. This one the other here is bad.
He wants you down. He wants you. I can't. Don't listen to the trap.
Don't listen to the trap. Don't listen to the trap. I see. Don't listen to the trap.
Don't listen to the lizard. Don't listen to the lizard. I'm live, aren't I?
I'm so thankful for the Holy Spirit. I focus in on it. I can see it so clear. It's passing through that.
You know, it's like a chameleon because they're so good with their words.
It's so easy to trust and befriend them. Like a lizard, they blend in.
Like when the chameleon, is that correct? You know what I'm talking about?
When they blend in, it's the lizard. It's reptilian. It's like a reptile.
It's a reptilian spirit. It's a and I see the one behind. I see the one behind 2028 about 2028.
We have so much to pray about. Take no counsel from the ungodly, even if they pretend they are godly.
Do not fall prey to the ungodly, even when they present themselves as godly.
They are stinky. He is a lizard. He is not good. Be watchful. Father, I pray.
That is what we can pray. Father, I thank you, Lord, that his eyes have discernment.
He is able to see the discernment. Catch him in his lies. Father, nothing is too big for you.
Do you hear him? It is about Cuba. It is coming out. It is about Macron and the Castros, Fidel Castro.
You know that Cuba, Macron, the Castros, Fidel. So I see. So, I see April. Big before me. This is a month.
The A in April is big and it is highlighted with black on the outside of it.
The capital A on April is emboldened. It is black with like a slide on the side.
The A forms the letter that is thin, but it is emboldened with black.
It is so black that the line is thin, but you can see that it is emboldened.
It is the same color as the side over here that looks like a slide; it is thick.
The A is thick. April is symbolic for something. April, trees barely blooming. May. Well, of course, Brandon. No, listen. Cuba.
Their flag looks transparent and it is upon the water and it moves like a flag moving in the air.
The flag of Cuba is moving like this upon the water, split into two.
Like it is split like this. What flag is that? Is that Cuba? I do not believe that is Cuba.
There is no way that I. Oh, they are mixed together with Mexico.
They are layered. There is a flag on top of a flag. Mexico is on the bottom and Cuba is on the top.
And they are transparent, moving upon the water. They are mixed in together, and they look like they are one.
Moving upon the water, split like these two. Like the embroidery of the flag, I see two black lines split with the middle.
I do not know how that could be possible. And I see Claudia. What in the world?
Bro, I see his face. Jesus. It is in the shroud. What flag is that, son? Cuba. So, Mexico, get Mexico.
And when you see these two stripes right there on Cuba's flag, they split.
I will tell you how. It is Mexico. That is it. You put Mexico underneath the Cuban flag and the Cuban flag is on top.
But then those two little things, the blue line and this light blue line, they split from it and they merged as one.
As they moved upon the water, they were transparent like a hologram.
They were moved together. Mexico and Cuba were mixed together.
It is almost like they were one, but they were separate. Isn't that interesting?
I have never seen anything like that. And it was moving upon the water.
And it was the Gulf in the Caribbean area. It was moving on the water like this.
And then I could see Claudia and I could see her hair pulled back with a barrette, a black barrette in her hair like it was holding her hair back and her hair was slicked back and it was in a thick ponytail with a black barrette and her face was faced toward the west.
She was turned her back from Cuba and was looking toward the west.
She was not looking at Cuba. She turned her back against Cuba. You hear me? She was looking toward the west.
This looked like two moons coming up out of the water similar to a crack like this.
It sounds crude, like women's cleavage, but it is not. It was like it was full, but it was a crack coming against the water.
That was when it was looking towards Cuba. And I know that sounds wild, but that was Cuba.
There was an inland and I could see this, but she was turning her back towards this and it was purple.
What I was seeing upon the water looked like two moons, looked like purple coming up out of the water with this.
And I know it is symbolic. I see in part, and this is something that I am seeing.
It was on the island. I am just trying to tell you. I am just keeping it for memory because I am going to pray into it more.
It is purple. It is like a lavender, lavender purple, like grapes.
Lord, sometimes you show me these things. I do not know what I am looking at.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you keep teaching me. You keep teaching me, Father.
What is this symbolic for, Lord, with Claudia and the Castros?
It is transparent. The lizards in the office. Marco Rubio is talking to him.
Marco Rubio. What he is saying is right. What is Marco Rubio saying?
Listen to Marco Rubio. What is Marco Rubio saying? I cannot make it out.
I cannot hear it. But the other one has a forked tongue. I see Rubio's heart and it is for the people.
His heart is soft toward the people. His heart is soft toward the Cuban people.
His heart is soft to the Hispanic Mexican people. He has a gray jacket on, a white shirt, no tie.
He is sitting there and he is talking to him, trying to get him to do something.
He is at the desk. The one over here is devil's advocate. He is bad. He is looking out the window of the Oval Office.
He is talking, but he has more intention because he is smarter with his mouth.
The one that is influencing this one is deep state. There is a dark agenda with bankers.
Europe, and there is a dark agenda there. It is much darker than most would ever realize.
And there is. Remember, I probably say too much. Oh Father, thank you for your grace for Brandon.
I thank you for your grace for me today. This is about Canada and I am looking toward Canada right here and I see Carney.
We kissed off pretty. Lying low. The other one is lying low. Strip away all of the darkness off of our president's eyes.
He can see it. He can see it. We thank you, Father. No more charades.
No more charades. Hallelujah. And this is concerning Syria over here.
Again, there are two different things, two different major things.
Israel and Iran. We pray over every secret intel. We pray for every hidden thing.
Protect them. Protect them. Israel is forever. Oh my goodness.
What happened? You say, Brandon, I am seeing a lot, y'all. But I am instructed by the Lord.
I am being still on some of it. Hallelujah. I am seeing the Gaza again.
I see the strip and I see the buildings being built. The very beginning of the ground being broken in Gaza.
And I see the buildings. They are like metal structures. They are not wood, what you would build with 2x4s.
These are metal buildings. And I see the beginning of the construction right now as I speak.
I can see into it. And where they start is very clear. I see the third temple being negotiated again.
MBS is talking. MBS is the leader of this. I see MBS talking and building.
They are negotiating the third temple. He is the forerunner of the leader of this.
I see it very clear. It is not yet. It is not yet. This vision has layers and that represents, I believe, years.
It is not yet. I would say they start trying to build in the Gaza.
I am going to just throw out 2026. I would say come the summer.
There is a vision that goes like this. And I can see July, August, September, and it moves around.
And this represents almost like you are looking at a clock. I can see going into 2027.
I can see MBS talking. That better not be about a two-state solution.
I can't make it out clearly. But I see the temple being negotiated and talked about.
I see the storm on the east and I see the doves flying. Now, don't quote me on a year, but I would almost say that's 2027.
Trump's in power. This is that time frame. We must pray for protection for his life.
Oh Lord, thank you, Father, for your anointing. I can see the ballroom being fixed up and being completed.
It looks beautiful at the White House. You hear me? I see it very clearly.
It is beautiful. The grass is so green out front. There is a storm over here and it looks like 9/11.
The vibe. You hear me? I can feel it in the atmosphere. I am going to be quiet about the rest of this stuff while I am on live.
That ballroom is beautiful. It is clear. I thank you, Father, for your angels.
When that anointing comes on me like it has tonight, I am allowed to see a lot and everything is moving like a movie screen all around my eyes, and I can see into the future, but I can't get past 2027 into 2028.
I am telling you, something major is about to happen. I was telling you about the glorious church.
When I get to 2028, there is a wall there and I am never able to look past it that much.
I have seen 2032 just for a glimpse, but everything is always the same; I get up to that wall and everything changes.
And I see MBS tonight, and it is around the same time frame talking about the third temple.
And I am telling you, they are going to construct it. They are going to build this thing.
I can see him starting to build on the Gaza. I am telling you, Jesus Christ is coming soon.
I see the ballroom. I can see the storm again. I can see the doves flying.
When I am in the spirit like this, I can feel the atmosphere around the White House.
I can see Rubio. Is this before the plague? It is very interesting.
So, I am thankful you all pray with me tonight and help me push back those critters.
I am thankful for the Holy Spirit. It is not about me. Remember that.
It is always about Jesus. And we attract or deflect. And I know you cannot see what I am seeing.
It probably does not make a lot of sense to you, but it will make a lot of sense if I am allowed to release this next video.
Some of the things that I am seeing about Israel and how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, these visions are very bold.
They are very bright and they are very colorful and quite frankly just amazing.
Like I said, that ballroom is absolutely beautiful. I don't know why I am looking at it and I don't know why I am able to see it.
But I see a great storm on the east coast again with New York and the doves, and I am telling you 2027.
Ain't it interesting, Braden? As we have flown as a family, I get to 2028 and I cannot see past it; it is always highlighted to me.
You say, How do you know it is 2028? Because it says in the vision it is 2028, and it is huge, and it has a wall.
I see it. It is in black letters: 2028. And I go up to it and I cannot get over it.
It is just big and bold. I get to 2028 and I cannot see past it for some reason.
That is why I think it is interesting. Well, thank you for being here tonight.
We appreciate every single one of you. God bless you all. What an interesting evening we have had.
We give praise to you, Father, and we have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
We fear God, not man. Thank you, Holy Spirit, that you use me to do this today because you could have used anybody.
We pray over our president. We pray that he has discernment in who he listens to.
We thank you, Lord, that in the days ahead, Cuba will be liberated and so will Mexico, and a great revival will flow on their shores.
Thank you, Lord, that the people of Iran will be liberated and a great revival will begin.
See, when I said that, I am looking again. I see a snake wrapped around Iran.
It is a massive octopus snake. And it is wrapped around them so tight it looks like a constrictor.
And it is pulling tight right now. It is trying to suffocate the life out of it.
And we thank you, Father, that that snake is cut into, and Leviathan and all these other demonic-looking, octopus-looking, aquatic things are bound in Jesus'name so that they would have revival.
We thank you, Father, that Iran would have a major revival. We thank you, Lord, that North Korea would have a major revival.
We thank you, Lord, that the Ayatollah Khamenei is removed.
It is going to happen. And that man is coming up beside him with the bald head.
Is that the prince? I see a man again with gray hair with a bald head.
Hair on the side, bald on top. He will take his job. He will take his job. I don't know. He came up before me right then, bold.
I saw the guy with the rag on his head going away and that guy came up bold.
I cannot say how the other guy goes, but I see it so clearly. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised.
Worthy are you, oh God. You are good and your mercy endures forever, Lord.
We must pray for all these things. Well, good night. We love you.
It is good enough today. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you and we will see you again soon.